well howdy there internet people it's bo
again
so today we're going to talk a little
bit more about societal change and
and the idea of doing it incrementally
over time
um we talk a lot on this channel about
how
to change society to change the world
you don't need to change the law
you have to change thought the way
people think
and then you don't need the law if you
do it that way
i had a question somebody asked about
well how exactly does this happen
first things do not happen things are
made to happen
it's a process you have to look
10 or 15 years in the future and say
this is how
we want people to behave at this point
and then we come up with the small small
changes in behavior
that we can make now that will impact
thought
later okay this is
why progressives tend to pretty much
always win
because those who want the status quo
well those who only look at the past or
the present
are certain to miss the future they're
control
concerned about controlling now and
they're looking to the past with
nostalgia
whereas progressives tend to want to
shape the future a little bit more
so you come up with your your little
behavior
okay and you have to have a plan because
effort and
courage are not enough without purpose
and direction
so you have to have the goal of where
you want to get to
and let's say use the pronoun thing we
want this group of people more widely
accepted
so then people can just
start engaging in small behavior
something like that
that makes it more visible
makes it more within a societal norm
change it's the law of life
it's going to happen over time
so we use time as a tool not a couch
we use the time and the fact that it
things will change over time
to help shift and help get to where we
want to be
and it's done incrementally it's very
slowly there was a time when
having a meal in public with somebody of
another race
was just you know unheard of
but people did it that behavior changed
it changed thought and it eventually
built a movement
and when those movements arrive and that
moment in time
comes where you can make the big changes
that's when you do it
and those moments arrive pretty often
and you just have to be ready to seize
up you have to be ready to seize it
and just jump on it when it happens and
you can achieve
a lot in those perfect storm moments as
long as you
dare to fail miserably
but in the meantime when we're not
in one of those perfect moments when
there can be a lot of societal change at
one time
like the 1960s for example
we have to acknowledge that moving to
where we want to be moving to that
better world where we have that deep
systemic change
is a daily weekly monthly process that
is gradually
changing opinions slowly eroding old
barriers
and quietly building those new
structures
those parallel structures
that are there they're in place they're
ready
when the structures that exist become
obsolete
and fade away
it could be a community garden today a
community network
y'all knew i was gonna say that and
that's how you can shape things
that are realistically probably going to
occur
after you're gone
and as we do this we have to understand
that we're building
towards something that is going to occur
after we're gone
which means our progress in this little
goal can be no swifter than our progress
in education
because those who come after us have to
share the same values
or be more progressive they have to be
willing to pick up where we left off
in that process that incremental
change that template for
societal change over time it's tried and
true
it works it's how we got here in the
good aspects
and it's how we can get there and get
away from the bad aspects
now i want to point out
this is filmed and going to be released
on november 22nd
and with that in mind i'd like to say
that a nation reveals itself not only by
the men it produces
but also by the men it honors the minute
remembers
anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day